Add Sphinx extension for measuring durations in doc builds (#2268)
PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy: changelog/2268.doc.rst

> Enabled a Sphinx_ extension that adds links to the source code of an

Author: ```suggestion
Enabled the ``sphinx.ext.duration`` extension to add links to the source code of an
```
